What is your favorite movie and why?
What is your favorite movie franchise?
What is your favorite anime and why?
What is your favorite video game and why?
What is your favorite hobby and why?
What is your favorite quality in a person?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What is your favorite food and why?
What is your favorite song and why?
What is your favorite snack?
What is your favorite thing about Discord?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite historical character?
What is your favorite board game?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What is your favorite flavor of ice-cream?
What is your least favorite move trope?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite thing to drink?
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite season
What is your favorite school subject?
What is your least favortie school subject?
What is your favorite channel on the server?
Do you have a “sprit animal?” If so, what is it and why?
If you could be fluent in one language, what would it be?
Would you rather be really fast or really strong?
Would you rather be stuck on a ship at sea or in space for a week?
What animal are you most afraid of?
What app on your phone do you use the most?
What was the happiest day of your life?
What do you want to accomplish the most this year?
What song gets stuck in your head the most often?
What fictional character do you relate to the most? Why?
Which country would you like to live in the most besides your current one?
What is the way to your heart?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you could have any non-traditional animal as a pet, what would it be?
Would you rather be super fast or super strong?
If you could have any super power in the world what would it be?
Are you more extroverted or introverted?
Would the world be better off if people relied more or less on their feelings?
Would you rather experience riding in a jet or a submarine?
What do you daydream about most?
What are you still waiting for to be released?
What are you looking forward to most?
What do you typically wear?
What do you value most in a friendship?
What makes you happy?
What is the meaning behind your username?
What “useless” skill do you possess?
What do you know most about?
What did you dream about most recently?
What is the greatest life lession you’ve learned?
What is your most recent accomplishment?
Are you a pessimistic or an optimist?
If aliens exist, why do you believe we haven’t encountered them yet?
If you could learn to play any instrument, which would it be?
Do you respond to texts quickly or after a while?
If you opened a themed restaurant, what would be the theme?
Are you an impulsive person?
What is your favorite thing about rr?
What do you like to do/look forward to doing in an rr relationship?
How did you first discover rr?
Would you be okay being in a non-rr relationship?
Have you ever been in an rr relationship?
What’s your favorite flavor of juice?
What’s on your mind right now?
What fictional universe would you like to live in most?
What is something you have a love/hate relationship with?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
What fictional or nonfictional character would you love to look like?
If you could wish for anything right now, what would it be?
What's the cutest thing you can imagine?
Why do you prefer being the protector, protected, or both?
What is your favorite Discord emote?
What is your favorite dinosaur?
What is your favorite superhero?
What is your favorite mythological creature?